Ghost-free
Will suffer evil
Don't look at this.
Peaceful day
Not clean at night
It is said that from this road to the west
Is destiny
Every 12 midnight
pyloric door wide open
A ghost bus will appear on the road
direct peak
At this time?
The passengers on the roadside are all ghosts heading to Huangquan
That is, Xie Sui
You are flowing
You scared me to death.
At first glance, you are an unlucky person
It's bad luck.
Yeah.
I've come to live, I've come to live, I've come to live, I've gone, I've gone.
All alive
I was the only one left.
What kind of life is there?
Brother, it's best if you don't go
What do I eat when I don't do this?
Drink the northwest wind
Just like you, begging for food?
You buy clothes today.
Unless you come by car
It's not alive
Ten bucks a piece
Okay, I think you are not as alive as me
It's for you.
You can marry this girl
Then what is saved?